4 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
3 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast excepting Love Hewitt , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
2 Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan a first-time actor , writer/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
1 In this case zero .
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
1 Tries to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .